All right now that we have the revenue and the expenses figured out what we can do is we can start putting
it together in an overall cash flow summary here.
So for this one we always want to start with the timing just have the months and then have the timing
of the start up period where the different parts of the ramp up period and then we pull then some sales
headcount that's coming from the revenue side.
So we see how fast we're growing the headcount You know I'm just going to get rid of this extra space.
Sometimes when I'm building stuff I leave some extra space there too just more room to work with.
But then when you're done just for for ease of looking at things this way it's easier to show it.
So here's the tough part here.
I mean do revenues first.
Right.
Same logic you know head count I have the phrase growth and the customer churn figures there.
So no whats going on there.
The total new bookings in annual contract values total contract value thats book for each of those months
sales attrition net new bookings.
Okay but annual contract value and then the actual monthly recurring revenue thats coming in is here
right so thats the new monthly recurring revenue for that month.
And then thats from the prior month.
Its first is smaller but then over time the recurring revenue from the prior months is going to be a
lot more than the total new monthly recurring revenue from that particular month.
Right.
So this is from our prior sales.
This is just from that month.
And then we have churn and then we have the net monthly recurring revenue Billings on the expense side.
You know this is just for clarity.
Weve also had assumed some other headcount.
Right so we can see like hey in this case you know pretty small team but half of it more than half is
going to be part of the sales team.
And then there's everybody else expense and salary growth.
This is just for inflation.
Whatever growth rates you assume and again when you're doing the summary all you should be doing is
pulling from the other sheets you're not supposed to be calculating any actual Right.
So you see that all of these formulas are just pulling from either the revenue sheet or the expense
sheet with the exception of the very end here where we're going to do some calculations.
This right here we have the startup period start up costs.
Okay.
And then the cost of sales because we said some like 80 percent gross margins so that means there's
some costs related to sales.
And then here is the sum of all the base salaries some of all the performance salaries additional sales
overhead costs of all the qualified sales leads.
And then here is then the total other compensation that's for the other hand count.
And as for other overhead and there's some other monthly expenses that kicks in.
So then when we add all those up together we have the total expenses were the net cash flow out.
Now when we put them together now we have the actual cash position per month so that we see that there's
a break even month in twenty nine months.
So it's going to operate pretty much at a loss for the first two years plus and then it starts to turn
a profit and turn around.
All right.
So then from there we can look at the cumulative cash position and then figure out what is the maximum
cash need or deficit.
Remember what we did for the start of worksheet.
Once we have the max cash deficit we pull it in here we can add another contingency to it and then that
becomes our total funding need.
So whatever the start of costs are then the working capital to get to the point where it can become
profitable and self-sustaining.